Project: Group Project 118

Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting 

Persons present: 8 of 9 persons present  

Place and date of meeting: C57a, Thursday 9th February 2023 

Circulation list: 7 0f 8 members present, including project manager. Sean is absent due to sickness (informed beforehand).

Author: Ng Wei Yuan

Date of minutes: 23th February

Version: 1.0


Matters arising 
===============
1. seg19, wyn, and arm36 have provided the draft presentation in UI design, where currently all project member except project member has seen.
Within the presentation there is a proposed solution for the colourblind problem by adding an option to toggle.
The illegal moves shown by red tiles is also removed as there are little to no use in practical settings.

2. wip24 is currently on progress on working on the checkmate system, he has pseudocode ready but has yet to have a working code. 
He will continue this task next week. 

3. mrm19 has finished the basic fuction of the main menu and has uploaded it on gitlab.

4. ktd1 is on progree in creating prototype for generating valid moves, he is currently working on where to move the pieces themselves, as well as ways to update the board. 
Specifically, ktd1 has done the algorithm for making en passant, but has not yet finished doing that of castling.

5. It is noted that wip24 and mrm19's work will eventually clash with ktd1's work, so a collaboration between them is expected in the future.

6. jac127 has added a few more test requirements for the software and will continue to do so.

7. jas160 has provided on a plan of a prototype of the save-to-file system of the software.
Every action played by a player gets outputted onto a board, and the moves are notated and is saved to a text file.

8. seg19 and arm36 are on track at the UI documentation. They are looking on setting up a review process and has decided on Monday morning.

9. Is it noted that the project member should start planning of the Design Specification document soon.

New business 
==============
1. Start adding code to check/checkmate system
Action :wip24

2. Continue with the algorithm of valid moves
Action: ktd1

3. continue to add test requriements of the software
Action: jac127

4. Preparing the UI specification documents for the review process
Action: seg19 arm36 

5. Conduct a review process of UI specification, and understand the review standard of the process prior to the meeting.
Action: wyn

6. Collaborate on the save-to-file system, whilst continuing on adding more test for the software.
Action: jas160 jac127


AOB
====
NONE
