Project: Group Project 18

Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting 

Persons present: 8 of 9 persons present  

Place and date of meeting: C57a, Thursday 9th March 2023 

Circulation list: 7 0f 8 members present, including project manager. ktd1 and seg19 are late to the meeting by a couple of minutes (not informed beforehand), wip24 is late to work on his task (informed beforehand).

Author: Ng Wei Yuan

Date of minutes: 9th March

Version: 2.1


Matters arising 
===============
1. seg19 held a review meeting about the Test Specification.

2. jac127 held a meeting to discuss design specification, a draft of the document has been uploaded to gitlab.

3. Chris has gave feedback on the progress so far, following one of his advice, we have removed the addition of colourblind option,
and therefore the valid moves indicator colour is changed to grey instead.

4. Furthermore, all issues arising in gitlab will be attempted to be fixed by today.

New business 
==============
1. Work on UML class diagram of the software for the Design Specification.
Action :wip24

2. Work on the significant part of the algorithm for the Design Specification.
Action: ktd1

3. Look into JUNIT for the testing of the code.
Action: wyn seg19

4. Update past minutes to show that we have done QA on UI spec.
Action: wyn

5. Work on decomposition for the Design Specification, and hold a meeting this week to discuss it further.
Action: jac127

6. Work on interface description for Design specification.
ACtion: mrm19 jas160

7. Work on sequence diagrams for Design specification.
Action: arm36

AOB
====
NONE
