Project: Group Project 18

Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting 

Persons present: 8 of 9 persons present  

Place and date of meeting: C57a, Thursday 9th February 2023 

Circulation list: 6 0f 8 members present, including project manager. Jason is absent due to sickness (not informed beforehand),
and Sean is a few minute late due to clashing doctor appointments (informed beforehand).

Author: Ng Wei Yuan

Date of minutes: 16th February

Version: 2.0


Matters arising 
===============
1. Seg & Arm have provided prototype and idea of the chess board, showing both pointers where moves are legal or illegal.
However, the use of colours on their indicators may not be feasible with certain group of colourblinded players. They will look more into this matter.

2. Kacper has provided a plan for checking valid moves. In particular, he detailed his plan on checking valid moves for pawn, king, and rook, each with its own algorithm.
It has been pointed out that there are more cases to be considered. He will continue with the testing of all the valid moves tests.

3. Wip24 has provided pesudocode for a check/checkmate system but not yet complete. He will continue to work on this task

4. Seg and arm have started to draft the UI documentation and are making a presentation of the requirements.

5. Wei has summarised the requirements to carry out the review process once an item has been completed.

6. Jason has not managed to add required tests due to sickness, he will carry on with this task this following week.

New business 
==============
1. Work on the presentation of the UI reqirements
Action: seg19 wyn arm36

2. Continue developing the prototype of the software, in particular the movement of the pieces and the main menu.
Action: wip24 mrm19

3. Continue on adding testing requirements of the software.
Action: jac127

4. Continue to work on the algorithm of valid moves of chess pieces.
Action: ktd1

5. Work on prototyping the save-to-file aspects of the software.
Action: jas160

AOB
====
NONE
